chore: update README messaging (#2937)
bentoml/BentoML: README.md

## Why BentoML? ##

🍱 Easily go from training to model serving in production
- Supports multiple ML frameworks natively: Tensorflow, PyTorch, XGBoost, Scikit-Learn and many more!

> - Defines custom serving pipeline with pre-processing, post-processing and ensemble models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports easy definition of full custom serving pipelines with pre-processing, post-processing and ensemble models
```

Reviewer 2: I would be like
```suggestion
- Enables custom serving pipelines with pre-processing, post-processing and ensemble models
```

> - Enables multi-model inference graph with model runners architecture

Reviewer 3: lgtm 👍

- Standard `.bento` format for packaging code, models and dependencies for easy versioning and deployment
- Integrates with any training pipeline or ML experimentation platform

✨ Model Serving the way you need it 
- **Online serving** via REST API or gRPC
- **Offline scoring** on batch datasets with Apache Spark, or Dask
- **Stream serving** with Kafka, Beam, and Flink

🚢 Deployment workflow made for production
- 🐳 Automatically generates docker images for production deployment
- [🦄️ Yatai](https://github.com/bentoml/yatai): Model Deployment at scale on Kubernetes
- [🚀 bentoctl](https://github.com/bentoml/bentoctl): Fast model deployment on any cloud platform

🐍 Python-first, scales with powerful optimizations
- Parallelizes compute-intense model inference workloads to scale separately from the serving logic
- Adaptive batching dynamically groups inference requests for optimal performance

> - Orchestrates distributed inference graph with multiple models via Yatai on Kubernetes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Orchestrates distributed inference graph with multiple models via [Yatai on Kubernetes](https://github.com/bentoml/Yatai)
```

> - Easily configures CUDA dependencies for running inference with GPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Easily configure CUDA dependencies for running inference with GPU
```

I think the user is doing the configuring here. It does feel out of place like this, though.

Reviewer: Actually, how about:

```suggestion
- Allows for easy configuration of CUDA dependencies for running inference with GPU
```

Reviewer 2: How about
```suggestion
- Enables CUDA dependencies customization for running inference with GPU with ease!
```

Reviewer: I think that wordings a bit strange because it implies that users weren't able to do this before :P

Reviewer 2: which is true right 😆
